ladies and gentlemen without further ado
the all-new BMW 5 Series Gran Turismo
and once again BMW has redefined a
segment in the automobile industry the
50 is Gran Turismo combines elegant
space comfort versatility that are truly
unique as an attractive future-oriented
extension of the 5 Series brand the 5
Series Gran Turismo is quite
unparalleled worldwide it combines the
best of a luxury sedan the best of a
sports activity vehicle and the classic
Gran Turismo style all in a brand new
fashion the 5 Series Gran Turismo
satisfies the main requirements of this
genre to go fast to go far and to go in
comfort you see the 5 Series Gran
Turismo has a wheelbase of about 120
inches in fact it's about as large as
our flagship 7 Series and with a
twin-turbocharged v8 then produces 400
horsepower and 400 foot-pounds of torque
it goes from zero to 60 miles per hour
100 km/h in 6.3 seconds from the top
speed of 250 kilometers an hour it does
all of that with a brand new 8-speed
automatic transmission and those two
extra gears are over and above the
standard six speeds that most of us have
in our current BMWs and with those extra
two gears we get better fuel economy and
a quieter ride which allows for more
effective cruising
and really a gran turismo is built over
cruising for all of us that are Italian
like me as you can tell gran turismo is
Italian for awesome car exactly it
actually doesn't mean grand juror and
the 5 Series Gran Turismo has a spacious
cabin for long comfortable rides and
faculty the seats in the Gran Turismo
have been lifted two inches over the 7
Series but not quite as high as the x5
so ease of entry and exit is is quite
easy and in fact if you notice that the
vehicle has food frameless doors this
adds to the sporty design and when the
windows are done up they go right into
the top of the of the door sill creating
a perfect seal a quiet comfortable ride
now the back seats are quite
extraordinary as well because you can
fit three passengers directly across the
back and the rear seats flipped down and
fold in a 40 20 40 fashion for maximum
space efficiency and the moon roof in a
double panel fashion allows sunlight
into the cabin just shower you with a
glow the only a BMW candy
for the sun i guess would be the other
one you can see the moonlight from the
from the evening and the sunlight during
the day but really the the biggest thing
about the 5 Series Gran Turismo is found
in the back you see it has two different
hatches or trunk sir I'm not exactly
sure what they're called but BMW calls
it bimodal whatever that means easy when
you open the trunk very much like a
sedan you can put your things in right
we can all see that but you see the best
part is when you flip this other switch
on the side here oh and the crowd goes
wild you see it opens very much like a
hatch and when you put those seats down
you have almost 60 cubic feet of space
for your stuff so for all of us real
estate agents and people who move stuff
around we've got lots of space in the
back we'll be taking orders in just a
little bit and with the seats off 15 and
a half cubic feet of space the car is
very very well thought out without
question and it's incredibly practical
if you take a look or or play with the 5
Series GT from the b-pillar back you'll
start to ask yourself ladies and
gentlemen why isn't every car this
ingenious probably because every car
wasn't designed by BMW but you know the
more you drive this car the more you
fall in love with it in the cockpit it
wraps around you like one of those
perfect leather gloves and yet the rest
of the car feels very limousine ish in
its in its space it has a great command
position of the role but it doesn't
overpower you like a truck might but you
know most importantly it's all BMW it's
a useful piece of art it's a state of
the art sculpture that must be driven to
be appreciated
so take a grand tour of the all new 5
Series Gran Turismo how about a round of
applause what a lovely car